in Gaza a stroll to the beach is more
than just a break it is a necessity high
temperatures weigh daily on every facet
of life for Palestinians living under
siege homes destroyed no access to
running water a swim in the cool blue
Mediterranean Sea off the Gaza Coast
often the only way to cool
off when I want to go to the beach with
my brother we must be barefoot so that
our flip-flops aren't stolen we swim and
show in the sea stay as much as we like
and then go back to the tent so many
people have been driven out of their
homes a kind of shanty town of makeshift
shelters now lines the Gaza Coast in
this part of Kan yunus people here say
sometimes it can be hotter inside the
tent I have chess problems and life
intense doesn't suit people with chest
problems we walk to the beach spend some
time enjoying the cooler Breeze this
gives us some relief from our horrible
life in The Tint living conditions here
are harsh at best very basic they ration
drinking water choosing to either clean
or cook rarely both and the hotter it
gets the faster the spread of infectious
disease life in a tent during the war is
very tough and extremely rough we came
to the beach because we don't have any
other option I am old and sick I feel
suffocated in a tent sitting here like
this for around 9 hours a day is not
healthy either the whole situation is
difficult for everyone particularly old
people and children the tents are full
of insects no one can sleep at night
because of insects and flies you can't
tolerate more than 5 minutes in a tent
the water in the bottles becomes very
hot and the food spoils quickly I don't
know what to do a reprieve from the ruin
around them welcome but brief and even
here the war is on their mind
Muhammad says the tents may be hot but
some people live in dirty streets some
don't know where to go but they say they
are grateful to be alive Zayn basravi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer